...if english can't read ...eh i just say 
1.people not rich so love money,ask them how much money they have and one month left how much.
2.live for the end,country will be powerful and control you to work but no benifits.
3.而且要我说，你喜欢牧场物语，他喜欢拳皇，而我喜欢看电影，凭什么因为你们两个觉得“天下大事有能力者居之”，我就得有玩什么游戏，才能有资格活着，我就是讨厌牧场物语所以不种田，我就是不喜欢拳皇所以没有肌肉，那碍你啥事了，你当我老大？有多远滚多远。
[you like 《story of seasons》,he like 《the king of fighters》,but it doesn't me isn't it?why i don't work in farm and i don't have big muscle ,and puzzle me such the things make me to call you two leader?]
4.ordinary people are weak,so they can't fight,it's not just an normal but an iron's rule.no need to be bad face
5.one question,bad person use affraid to control people ,what we can use,to cooperate good person.【the time now,i think the wrong is others not for I.even maybe make wars.if the world just i have one i like some game,the thing will be easy】
【old information and some other same chinese】
i dont want to say that, but why if thing happen must be something is with money,one day my car is be "hurt",i find one thing need to think,500RMB is no little for an littlt boss(...just that mean,i dont know economy),one worker so cant forget this money or that money,so there is a thing,there why an money again.
就是我想到工人工资低，吃个500元罚单开轿车的也会觉得挺痛，何况一个月余个两三的工人，反正大家都不是很有钱，哪里有钱可不就卖力去赚吗？所以有些情况其实贪钱说不上。
for money society,if you create thing and you need money to buy them,how long will you no need money.other speak,you always need money and limit some number,in some path to say,just some paper can control you in our earth  or spark,one hundred or one billion years,what you find after this idear?country create money what you can oppose.the education make you for benefit,but why you can dont to do you need don get you need money,one time ,two time,just you like and you need be confirm
活着必须要钱，最后。。
what will happen in the earth end?MAX's red ok?no. technolgy be higher and higher,get out the country-love-scientist,them know what,the gun?the tank?the nucleus?after all,country big make the person to best for work so they be powerful,the blight country beat the dark country ,but one country in the word,the bosses of the world do what,no else,one country no person,no emotion just power.
use money power,use army power,use fake-god power,use logic power.one country use person to work,cooperation like red,forced like blue.
国家战争最后会变成一个集权政府，控制底层人，唯物主义下别人没有照顾你的理由。（你要说什么国家伟大，那你可拉倒吧，人家有权有势有战舰，敲诈你让你交税，你还说他伟大，恶心我们这些也是底层的人干嘛。给你500加锦旗有多远滚多远。）
but one person need do thing like a dog?where there is? world!logic even is create and maybe can change for idear.say just here,if we cooperation,plant get sun energy and send to we,i just want to say what make we dont do what we dont like and in the bad end use the path  to leave the world?No courage?so do work like a dog for of course no need speak-word against?i find,not!A example,if i have the power to hurt person,how much person will be a disgust-look chick? the hero person of the realistic war can say no?but i find one day,one year,long..if i can hurt person for the no time limit,no one will against me,it say what? courage is for nothing,you just like or nolike to against,but no reason is with you courage,not because you moral quality,not...[you can say that even i do dog thing,the bad for the world,kill animal and eat，work for noble person and officer，for live do bad thing,but i am a person and i in sure can get those desire
世界是创造出来的，没必要干活，忘记翻译了，我这里还说了一句，人对抗不了酷刑，各方面意义上的对抗不了，这事问题不小。
good person?we even can't help others and because of that can't ceate a big organization,but dark can use afraid to make a country,so dark must defeate light in such situation.if person can get the thing from each other,may be there is a situation person like cooperation,be true good person not a crasy hate-money-person.but what we have,other side,the dark but have thing,such as ecucation control,you will not make the thing or person be others.if one thing you can let it be we have,but i say its owner is you,you want not let anyone to get it.it is politics.the think way of good person must be change or no way for wolrld peace.officer?they use work person,what you hope for them,even red,is there have the good way for general person,cooperation?or use it to king the country?person-hope's king or just king country.
i dont know what way to speak begin,there much thing for chaos
好人靠什么组织政权，坏人可以用恐怖，但是好人如果连东西都不能共享，恐怕没有什么集体利益组织成政权。管理者更不管这事了。红色开源还是红色帝国呢，人们心中的国王或者只是统治国家的人。【我现在认为问题是别人和我在竞争资源或者概率性互斗，除非世界只有一个我，不然一般打起来】
本文章其实不知道该说啥。
